Britain's Prince Andrew, who has ended a sexual abuse lawsuit
by agreeing to a reported multimillion-dollar
settlement--
Queen Elizabeth's middle son will not
have to answer questions under oath about Virginia Giuffre,
who claims to be a victim of alleged sex trafficker Jeffrey
Epstein.
Imtiaz Tyab has more on the end of what's
been a devastating scandal for the royal family.
I have no recollection of ever meeting
this lady, none whatsoever.
You don't remember meeting her?
No.
For someone who so defiantly denied
all allegations, including having ever met
then 17-year-old Virginia Giuffre,
Prince Andrew is now poised to donate a vast sum of money
to her victims' rights charity.
In court documents, Andrew acknowledged
Giuffre's suffering, calling her an established victim of abuse
and said he regrets his association
with Jeffrey Epstein, his longtime friend and convicted
child sex abuser who Giuffre says trafficked her
to the prince.
CBS News legal analyst Rikki Klieman.
This may not be an admission of guilt
on the part of Prince Andrew, but it goes to the same issue.
What Virginia Giuffre needed was to be acknowledged
as a victim of sexual abuse.
No admission of guilt, no apology, and most
crucially, no longer having to face a court deposition ahead
of a jury trial on claims he sexually abused and raped
Giuffre while she was still a teenager.
Roya Nikkhah is the Sunday Times newspaper's royal editor.
To see a member of the royal family involved
in a full-blown trial and have depositions taken
would be even more damaging than we've already
seen this case be.
Make no mistake, this has already
cost Prince Andrew dearly.
Gone is his prized position on palace balconies.
Gone are his ceremonial military honors.
And while he may still be a duke, gone
is the title of His Royal Highness,
stripped from him just weeks ago by his own mother, Queen
Elizabeth.
For CBS Mornings, I'm Imtiaz Tyab in London.